Updated tutorials and schema deep dive guide to reflect new generic items (#12957)
ckeditor/ckeditor5: packages/ckeditor5-engine/docs/framework/guides/deep-dive/schema.md

	isObject: true
} );
```
The {@link module:engine/model/schema~Schema#isObject `Schema#isObject()`} can later be used to check this property.

<info-box>

> 	There are also the `$blockObject` and the `$inlineObject` generic items which have `isObject` set to `true`. Most object type items will inherit from `$blockObject` or `$inlineObject` (through `inheritAllFrom`).

Reviewer: Missing another paragraph explaining why most elements will inherit from these generics.

Generally speaking, content is usually made out of blocks like paragraphs, list items, images, headings, etc. All these elements should be marked as blocks by using {@link module:engine/model/schema~SchemaItemDefinition#isBlock `isBlock`}.

> Schema items with `isBlock` set are (among others) affecting {@link module:engine/model/documentselection~DocumentSelection#getSelectedBlocks `Selection#getSelectedBlocks()`} behavior and by that allows setting block level attributes like `alignment` to appropriate elements from the UX point of view. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Schema items with `isBlock` set are (among others) affecting {@link module:engine/model/documentselection~DocumentSelection#getSelectedBlocks `Selection#getSelectedBlocks()`} behavior and by that allows setting block level attributes like `alignment` to appropriate elements. 
```

	You can read more about the format of the item definition in {@link module:engine/model/schema~SchemaItemDefinition}.
</info-box>

> ### Generic items allowed structure

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Relations between generic items
```

> Generic items could be visualized by the following structure (based on `allowIn`, `allowWhere`, etc.):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The relations between generic items can be visualized by the following structure (based on `allowIn`, `allowWhere`, etc.):
```

```xml
<$root>
	<$block>                <!-- example: <paragraph>, <heading1> -->
		<$text/>
		<$inlineObject/>    <!-- example: <imageInline> -->
	</$block>
	<$blockObject/>         <!-- example: <imageBlock>, <table> -->
	<$container>            <!-- example: <blockQuote> -->
		<$container/> 
		<$block/>
		<$blockObject/>
	</$container>
</$root>
```

> The above abstract structure with some generic items implemented could look like:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The above structure is an abstract one, as it bases on generic items. It can be translated to the following structure when dealing with real model elements.
```
